blade: back, bad, bag, bat, bed, big
blame: back, bad, bag, bat, bed, big
brave: gave, cave, wave, save, came, safe
cheese: choke, chose, close, cone, cope
choke: cheese, chose, close, cone, cope
chose: chop, close, those, prose, bone, tone
close: cheese, choke, chose, come, cone, cope
drive: dive, five, live, hive, fire, file
frame: from, blame, flame, shame, cake, came
globe: glob, grab, grove, glide, gone, gave
grape: grab, tape, cape, shape, cake, came
phone: bone, tone, cone, note, home, hope
place: plan, space, grace, trace, cake, came
plane: plan, lane, came, game, safe, cake
prize: pride, size, wise, rise, fire, file
shade: shed, grade, trade, blade, cake, came
share: shave, care, dare, rare, cake, came
shine: shin, line, wine, nine, fine, site
slide: side, hide, ride, wide, fire, file
smile: slide, file, style, side, sire, site
smoke: smog, spoke, broke, choke, bone, tone
spine: spin, wine, mine, fine, line, file
stone: bone, tone, cone, note, home, rope
store: stop, more, core, pore, bone, tone
theme: them, scheme, cream, dream, fine, line
these: this, cheese, freeze, breeze, the, days
while: wilt, smile, pile, file, fire, line
white: whit, quite, write, spite, fire, file
whole: wool, hole, pole, role, bone, tone