bike: bite, bat, big, bed, big, back
bite: back, bad, bag, bat, bed, big
bone: back, bad, bag, bat, bed, big
cake: came, can, cap, cape, car, care
came: cake, can, cap, cape, car, care
cape: cap, car, cake, cape, came, care
care: car, dare, cake, cape, cake, came
cave: cake, came, can, cap, cape, car
cone: cope, cap, cape, close, cat, cope
cute: cut, cap, cape, close, cat, cub
face: fat, race, fin, fire, file, came
fine: fin, fat, face, nine, fire, file
game: gem, glide, gate, gap, get, gave
home: how, hole, huge, hive, hot, hope
hope: hop, huge, hive, hot, hit, hole
huge: hug, hive, hot, hit, hope, hole
kite: kit, bite, lite, site, bike, hike
like: lit, line, let, lake, lap, log
line: lit, like, let, lake, lap, log
made: mad, mud, map, mine, make, moon
note: not, nut, name, nine, nail
rate: rat, gate, late, fate, rake, came
robe: rob, tube, cube, bone, home, rode
save: sit, sun, six, sad, same, side
side: sit, sun, six, sad, same, save
take: tap, tone, toy, top, tape, time
time: tap, tip, toy, top, tape, take
tone: ton, tip, toy, top, tape, take