rain: road, row, rob  
mail: main, moan, meat  
wait: way, web, wine  
pain: play, pie, peak  
tail: tea, tray, tree  
gain: glue, grow, goat  
sail: snow, stay, sheep  
main: mail, moan, meat  
day: die, deep, due  
play: pain, pie, peak  
say: snow, stay, sheep  
way: wait, web, wine  
may: mail, main, moan  
clay: coat, clue, cue  
stay: snow, sheep, sea  
tray: tea, tree, tie  
see: snow, stay, sheep  
bee: blow, blue, boat  
tree: tea, tray, tie  
free: feet, fade, fin  
feet: free, fade, fin  
seed: snow, stay, sheep  
need: nine, note, not  
deep: day, die, due  
sleep: snow, stay, sheep  
sheep: snow, stay, sea  
sea: snow, stay, sheep  
eat: feet, meat, tea
tea: tray, tree, tie  
meat: mail, main, moan  
team: tie, tray, tree  
bead: blow, blue, boat  
peak: pain, play, pie  
bean: blow, blue, boat  
boat: blow, blue, bee  
goat: glue, grow, gain  
soap: snow, stay, sheep  
coat: clay, clue, cue  
road: rain, row, rob  
load: low, lie, lot  
toad: tea, tray, tree  
moan: mail, main, meat  
pie: pain, play, peak  
tie: tea, tray, tree  
die: day, deep, due  
lie: low, load, lot  
blue: blow, boat, bee  
clue: clay, coat, cue  
due: day, die, deep  
true: tea, tray, tree  
cue: clay, coat, clue  
glue: grow, gain, goat  